PPTT-2755 Renamed backend tracker & friends to CPP (#664)
PiwikPRO/PPMS-PublicDocs: glossary.rst

        .. note::
            If :term:`analytics attribute` uses the same name - it will be represented as a separate :term:`attribute`.

    Collecting & Processing Pipeline (CPP)

>         Formerly a trakcer backend. A set of services that is able to receive, store and process requests from JavaScript Tracking Client. Requests processed by CPP are passed further for Reporting services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Formerly called tracker backend. A set of services that are able to receive, store and process requests from various tracking clients (e.g. JavaScript Tracking Client, SDKs). Requests processed by CPP are passed further to Reporting services.
```
